0x01. Git

Requirements
General
- A README.md file at the root of the alx-pre_course repo, containing a description of the repository
- A README.md file, at the root of the folder of this project (i.e. 0x01-git), describing what this project is about
- Do not use GitHub’s web UI, but the command line to perform the exercise (except for operations that can not possibly be done any other way than through the web UI). You won’t be able to perform many of the task requirements on the web UI, and you should start getting used to the command line for simple tasks because many complex tasks can only be done via the command line.
- Your answer files should only contain the command, and nothing else

Basic usage
At the end of this project you should be able to reproduce and understand these command lines:

$ git clone <repo>
$ touch test
$ git add test
$ git commit -m "Initial commit"
$ git push origin main

TASKS
0. Create and setup your Git and GitHub account
	Step 0 - Create an account on GitHub [if you do not have one already]
	Step 1 - Create a Personal Access Token on Github
	Step 2 - Update your profile on the Intranet
	Step 3 - Create your first repository
	Step 4 - Open the sandbox
	Step 5 - Clone your repository
	Step 6 - Create the README.md and push the modifications

1. Repo-session
	Create a new directory called 0x01-git in your alx-pre_course repo.

2. Coding fury road
	For the moment we have an empty project directory containing only a README.md. It’s time to code!

3. Collaboration is the base of a company
	A branch is like a copy of your project. It’s used mainly for:

4. Collaboration: be up to date
	Of course, you can also work on the same branch as your co-workers and it’s best if you keep up to date with their changes.

5. HAAA what did you do???
	Collaboration is cool, but not really when you update the same file at the same time…

6. Never push too much
Create a .gitignore file and define a rule to never push ~ files (generated by Emacs). 

